Project Title: Library Management System

Project Description:

You are to create a simple Library Management System for a small library. The system should be able to perform the following tasks:


Add a new book:
The librarian should be able to add a new book to the library's catalog.
The system should prompt the librarian to enter the book's information, including Title, Author, ISBN (International Standard Book Number), and the initial Number of Copies.
After inputting the information, the system should create a new Book object and add it to the library's collection of books.

Remove a book:
The librarian should have the capability to remove a book from the library's catalog using the ISBN as a unique identifier.
The system should verify if a book with the provided ISBN exists in the catalog and remove it if found.

Check out a book:
Library members should be able to check out a book from the library by providing the book's ISBN.
The system should check if the requested book is available (i.e., there are available copies). If so, it should mark the book as checked out to the requesting member.
If the book is not available, the system should handle the situation appropriately with an exception.

Return a book:
Library members who have checked out a book should be able to return it by providing the book's ISBN.
The system should check if the book was indeed checked out by the member, and if so, it should mark the book as returned.
If the book was not checked out by the member, the system should raise an exception.

Search for a book:
Library members should be able to search for books in the library's catalog using either the book's title or the author's name.
The system should perform a search and provide a list of books matching the search criteria, along with the number of available copies for each matching book.

Save library state:
The system should allow the librarian to save the current state of the library, including the catalog of books and their quantities, to a file.
The file should be in a format that can be easily loaded later to restore the library's state.

Load library state:
The librarian or system administrator should be able to load a previously saved library state from a file.
The system should read the file and reconstruct the library's catalog with the saved information.



Project Requirements:

Use OOP principles. For example, create classes for Library, Book, and Librarian.

Use exception handling to manage errors such as trying to remove a book that doesn't exist or trying to check out a book that is not available.

Use file handling to save and load the library state.

Write unit tests for your methods.

Document your code with comments.

Use a consistent and readable coding style.

Remember, the goal of this project is to help you master OOP, Exception Handling, and File Handling in Java. Good luck!